Orphaned disks removal (#289)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/diskscollector/README.md

# Disks Garbage Collector

## Overview

This command finds and removes orphaned disks created in a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project by kyma-gke-integration jobs.
When kyma-gke-integration job installs Kyma in the GKE cluster, there are some disks created automatically by GCP.
Usually all such disks are cleaned up by the job that provisioned the cluster.
Sometimes though, the job is terminated before it's clean-up is finished.
This causes a resource leak that is generating unwanted costs.
Garbage collector finds and removes such disks.
There are three conditions used to find "garbage" disks:
- Disk name pattern (specific for the kyma-gke-integration job)
- Disk users count (zero means the disk is unused)

> - Disk CreationTimestamp value (allows to calculate the "age" of the disk)

Author: It is explained in the input params section, but I'll repeat it here.

> Disks that satisfy the above conditions are subject to removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disks that meet these conditions are subject to removal.
```

Reviewer: We avoid words like "above" or "below", and as for "meet" instead of "satisfy" - it is just more common.

## Usage

> Dry-run mode is default, for safety reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For safety reasons, the dry-run mode is the default one. 
```

To run it, use:
```bash
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
    --project={gcloud project name}
```

> To turn dry-run mode off, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn the dry-run mode off, use:
```

```bash
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
    --project={gcloud project name} \
    --dryRun=false
```

### Flags

See the list of available flags:

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--project**             |   Yes    | GCP project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--project**             |   Yes    | GCP project name
```

> | **--dryRun**              |    No    | Boolean value that controls dry-run mode. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--dryRun**              |    No    | The Boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.
```

> | **--ageInHours**          |    No    | Integer value for the number of hours. Only disks older than: `now()-ageInHours` are matched. Defaults to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--ageInHours**          |    No    | The integer value for the number of hours. It only matches disks older than `now()-ageInHours`. It defaults to `2`.
```

> | **--diskNameRegex**       |    No    | String value with a valid Golang regexp. Used to match disks by their name. Defaults to `^gke-gkeint.*[-]pvc[-]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--diskNameRegex**       |    No    | The string value with a valid Golang regexp. It is used to match disks by their name. It defaults to `^gke-gkeint.*[-]pvc[-]`.
```

### Environment variables

See the list of available environment variables:

| Name                                  | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS**    |    Yes   | The path to the service account file. The service account requires at least: `compute.zones.list`, `compute.disks.list` and `compute.disks.delete` Google IAM permissions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS**    |    Yes   | The path to the service account file. The service account requires at least `compute.zones.list`, `compute.disks.list`, and `compute.disks.delete` Google IAM permissions. |
```
